In the last lecture we learned that one way of using a javascript framework like view chess is to use
it in different pages of our full Stec app in different views.
We get back from the server and some viewers might not use it at all.
That's perfectly fine.
Now the alternative which is pretty modern and a big trend right now is to create a single page application
there.
Our server only returns one HVM page.
For all you or else we might send it.
Now that might sound strange because we obviously need different pages.
If I wisit slash block I certainly want to get back a different page and if I wizard slash about us
the trick is that the page we get back actually won't hold any content but it will hold our javascript
application and that of course will be a much bigger application than the tiny app we might add to the
individual pages of a multi page app.
This app will actually then capture our.
You are out and parse it and render different pages but it will only look like this to a user.
So dare javascript will take over and control the entire front and it will make sure that to us it looks
like we have different pages the page will change but everything will be handled by javascript and we
will never reload the page.
We will never get a fresh page from the server.
Instead the HDMI code will be changed at runtime by Chalis script.
Why would we use that because it's much faster.
We don't have to send the request and wait for the response.
We don't have to download code which you might have used before.
Instead everything happens on the front then everything happens instantly.
Very reactive and if we need to reach out to the server for example because we want to store some data
on that database Well then Javascript can do that behind the scenes so that we still don't have to leave
our single page.
One important thing we have to note here is that when creating a single page application we will have
some server which holds the business logic to which we connect.
Behind the scenes but the server serving this single page does single index HVM l file and the javascript
Follett's can be a simple static server.
We don't need Apache or any Pietsch be interpreted there.
We don't need no chase we're dead.
It can be any server of your choice which has this single purpose of giving us back this HVM file in
a couple of javascript and see is as follows.
Probably.
Now let's have a look at x samples for both approaches.
Some real world examples.
So that that becomes a bit clearer or easier to understand.